Lab HW 2
Key:  
W = need NAMD walkthrough, 
C = need a copy of the config file, 
L = need to do in lab.

1.(W)  NAMD allows us to do both minimization and equilibration on the protein.
In the config files used for the ubiquitin from last time, we did minimization
for the first 100 steps (which is why energies and temperatures were funny then)
and then equilibration for the rest of the time.  Briefly explain what minimization 
and equilibration are. (see p15)

2.(CW)  Time steps.
	a)  How big is the time step between each recalculation of forces, positions, 
	   and velocities?
	b)  What is the time scale between trajectory snapshots in the dcd file?  

(Hint:  Recall how large a time step is by looking at "timestep" in the config file.
Then you can find out how many time steps are between each dcd snapshot by looking at 
"dcdfreq".)

3.(CW)  Make a copy of the water box config file (in 1-3-box).  Make changes to it such that:
	a) the time step is 4 fs,
	b) minimization is done for 125 steps,
	c) the dcd file is updated with the atomic trajectories every 3.2 ps, and
	d) the equilibration time is 64 ps.

Make sure to change the comments (the words after ;#) so that your config file
accurately tells you what's going on.  Turn in a copy of your new config file 
to Lucas and answer the following:
	e) explain what type of calculation it describes, e.g., what kind of accuracy
	  will we be getting compared to the original file, and will the system
	  equilibrate?
	f) If it takes 5 minutes to run 2500 time steps, how long (roughly) 
	  would it take to run this calculation?
(Note:  You don't actually need to run this calculation.)

4.(LW)  Make a nice render of the protein in the water box, color-coded by RMSD residue 
values (do after step 10 on page 37), and turn in.  What colors indicate that the protein
is moving faster or slower?

5.(LW)  Make the "RMSD vs. residue" plot from step 13 of page 38 look nice in Grace,
and turn it in.  Identify the slowest moving residue and the fastest by name (not 
just number!).  You can do this by looking up the # in the ubq_wb.pdb file (1-1-build),
grabbing the three-letter abbreviation for the residue, and looking up the three
letter abbreviation on http://www.biologydaily.com/biology/Amino_acid 

6.(CLW)  Turn in a plot of the Maxwell-Boltzmann Energy Distribution that should look
like something on page 41.  Do step 23 on that page and give the temperature that
the distribution predicts, and compare to the target value in the config file.

7.(LW)  After completing step 5 on page 43, turn in the output and answer these questions:
	a) Compare the magnitude of the bond (BOND) and total (TOTAL) energy.  Why
	  do we care more about the bond than the total energy?
	b) Do you think there would be a significant difference between properties
	  of the the water box versus the water sphere?  Test it out!  
	  Redo step 4 for "../1-2-sphere/ubq_ws_eq.log" instead.
        c) How could you tell if the differences between the water box and the water
          sphere are significant or not?
